Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 9eaccd59-35ca-4c18-af18-5758baecd5f0
Review date: June 11, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (6)

Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance

Issue Description

The app crashed during review. Apps that crash negatively impact users. 

Steps leading to crash:

- Launch the app
- Select Continue without email
- Select Not Now when asked for reminders
- App crashes

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.5

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify crashes and stability issues before resubmitting for review. Crash logs have been attached to help resolve this issue:

1. Fully symbolicate the crash report. See Adding Identifiable Symbol Names to a Crash Report.
2. Match the crash report to a common pattern. Based on the pattern, take specific actions to further investigate the crash. See Identifying the Cause of Common Crashes.
3. Once the root causes of the crash have been identified, make the appropriate changes to the binary to resolve the issue.
4. Test the app on a device to ensure that it runs as expected.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users.

Resources

- For more information on crash reports, see Diagnosing Issues Using Crash Reports and Device Logs.
- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase


Issue Description

We noticed that the app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- Once the user's free trial has expired, the subscription is not available for purchase using In-App Purchase and the user is directed to payment mechanisms other than In-App Purchase.

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by the app must be available for purchase in the app using In-App Purchase. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in the app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Resources

- See how to implement In-App Purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating In-App Purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about business requirements in guideline 3.1.1.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Guideline 1.5 - Safety

Issue Description

The Support URL provided in App Store Connect, https://coffeebrew.coach, does not direct to a website with information users can use to ask questions and request support.

Next Steps

Update the specified Support URL to direct users to a functional webpage with support information.
